Add Queries to Readme (#58)
don-tay/simpledb: README.md

### Search using index

#### Btree Index

`select sid, majorid from student where sid = 10`

#### Hash Index

`select sid, majorid from student where majorid = 20`

### ORDER BY

#### Single ORDER BY

`select cid, title, deptid from course order by cid`

#### Multiple ORDER BY

`select cid, title, deptid from course order by cid desc, title, deptid desc`

### Group By

#### Single field group by
`select yearoffered from section group by yearoffered`

#### Multiple field group by
`select yearoffered, courseid from section group by yearoffered, courseid`

### Aggregates

#### Single Aggregate
`select avg(eid) from enroll`

#### Multiple Aggregates
`select avg(eid), min(studentid), sum(sectionid) from enroll`

#### Group by and aggregate
`select studentid, count(eid) from enroll group by studentid`
`select prof, courseid, min(yearoffered), max(yearoffered) from section group by prof, courseid`

### Distinct

`select distinct yearoffered from section`
`select distinct majorid, gradyear from student`

### Multiple conditions
`select gradyear, count(sid) from student where gradyear > 2020 and sname > 'bob' group by gradyear order by countofsid`

> ## Two table joins

Reviewer: Another query to add will be non-equi join. (FYI: this will default to nested loop join)
`select sid,sname,grade from student,enroll where sid>eid`

> ### Nested Loop join
> `select sid,sname,grade from student,enroll where sid=studentid and majorid > 20`
> 
> ### SortMerge Join
> 
> ### Index Join
> 
> ### Hash Join
> `select sname, grade from student, enroll where sid=studentid`

Reviewer: I think we can lump the joins together into 2 separate groups: non-idx join and idx join

sth like:

```suggestion
### Nested Loop join
`select sid,sname,grade from student,enroll where sid=studentid and majorid > 20`
`select sname, grade from student, enroll where sid=studentid`

### Index Join
`select sid,sname,dname from dept,student where majorid=did`
```

## Four table joins

### Nested Loop join

### SortMerge Join
`select sid,sname,dname,title,grade from student,dept,course,enroll where sid=studentid and deptid=did and majorid=did`

### Index Join

> ### Hash Join

Reviewer: For this, since its very difficult to make sure only index join is used, I think we can simply lump all joins together. We will create the appropriate idx for it to use during the demo
